,`*DOMAIN QUESTIONNAIRE*`,

1. List 10 available domains (use http://iwantmyname.com) you think would be appropriate for your site:
  
  writeme.website 
  typemeamessage.com
  typemessage.co
  typedown.co / typedown.org
  typeitdown.com
  writeitdown.co
  typeitout.co / typeitout.org
  typemeout.com
  typesend.co / typesend.org

 NO 
  Saysomething 
  Write 
  Messageme
  Send

 FINAL DOMAIN NAME 
  Losttype.co
  
  
  
  
  
2. What type or genre of domain is this? (Ex. Game, Toy, Greeting Card Generator, Creative Tool, Political Pamphlet, Archive)
  
  Toy or Novelty 

  
3. Write a small story (one paragraph or so) that details a user's experience of discovering your domain, visiting it within a particular context (like mobile, desktop, while hungry, at a funeral, etc.), experiencing what it has to offer, and subsequently leaving. 
  
  The user will visit the website either through their phone or their laptop. Once you enter the website, the user can start writing his or her
  her message. Once the message is done and ready to send. The user has to chose a timer to set on the message and then add the (email, number) 
  of the person who they want to send it to. Then the other user will get an email, letting them know that they have recieved a message.
  The user would open the message and once it opens the timer starts, and the message starts to dissapear. They can either chose to send back 
  a message or chose to leave the website. 

 

  
4. Would somebody return to your domain after visiting it for the first time - in how long do you think - and why?

  Yes, I think someone will return. Hopefully the website is good enough were people can easily use it and have fun with it. Once you send a message, 
  you're able to recieve a message back. You the messages will go back and forth between two people. 

  
5. List some 'stuff' that your site 'does'. (Be detailed)
  
  The site will type out a message. (which will eventually start dissapearing)
  The site will allow to send the message to another person.
  The site will have allow the user to set a timer. ( the amount of time the other person gets to read the message) 
  The messages you send to someone will always dissapear. You wont be able to save anything. 